[hack and slash type game, protagonist has special ablilities]

It would seem like a strom was coming, there were dark clouds covering the sky as far as the eye could see.
However, anyone who thought that it was a simple storm were in for a horrible truth. These clouds were a battleground, the gods were about to got to war.

**locartion change**
Once the children of Lueng village reached the age of 12, they would all partake in a rite of passage known as the Cirtesia. They would be given a small amount of rations, and a week's worth of time
to navigate through the nearby forest which was rumored to have the ghosts of ancient warriors, ferocious beasts and deadly carnivorous vegetation. Of course
children were trained for this their entire lives, taught combat, stealth, using one's surroundings to one's advantage, how to ration supplies and many more
skills.
Afterall, this village was famed for producing armies that could easily acheive decisive victories even when outnumbered fifty to one. The punishment for
failing this trial was severe, all failures would be exiled, only allowed to return once they reached adulthood. If they chose to return, they would only be allowed to live as a farmer.

Dejil was born with a body weaker than most, on top of being physically weaker than children of their age, they were shorter than others, would easily catch colds,
and always fell behind during all lessons except ones where only knowledge was tested. But they would be no exception to the Cirtesia. So when the day came, their parents were
seeing them off with words of encouragement, like all other parents.

On their first day, they spent time gathering supplies to make a campfire and cook food as needed, they also tried to scout their immediate suoorundings to look for any dangerous
beasts or plants that may be around. Thanks to this planning they were able to get well ahead of the other competitors over the next three days and were on track to clear the course
within 5 days instead of 7. However, an unexpected storm swept across the forest that night and Dejil was injured by landslides. Due to the path they were taking, no other contestant came
across them and they had to perforn aid on themselves and practically crawled and dragged themselses to the forest exit. However they arrived a day too late and they were exiled 
from the village. As their parents tearfully saw them off, they hung their head as they walked away from the village. 

Dejil walked for days, their eyes hollow and devoid of life until they finally collapsed near a fruit tree. Lifelessly they picked up the fruits scattered around the tree and began
eating in almost a mechanical fasion.

A few days later, they were approached by a short silhouette of a person. This person wore a long black hooded cloak, a green blindfold covering their eyes, an ankle length
plain black skirt and the rest of their body was covered in bandages, almost resembling a mummy. It was impossible to tell if this person was a man or a woman, an 
adult or a child.

"So this is it for you? After all those years of training hardter than anyone else", the person spoke

"..." Dejil slowly turned their head and stared blankly at the figure

"You have cultivated skills that none among your peers have. There is so much you can do, instead of wasting away here."

"...who...are you?"

"Think of me as some kind of social worker, who hates to see such a rare talent waste away because of some misfortune."

"...How do you even know about me? Are you some kind of stalker?"

"Surely you didn't think that a village that produces some of the finest warrios in the laand isn't being monitored by those interested?
All who seek to hire your warriors observe the Cirtesiasia every year."

"..."

"This world has gone to Hell as soon as the gods started their foolish war. Soon enough the world we live in will be no more. There may be a small hope however."

"?"

"We found some ruins in the very forest that you trained in, the ruins have a strange kind of power. The place resembles an arena, one of our companions accidentally
stumbled upon it and got trapped, then a group of strange ghost-like warriors appeared and began to attack them, fortunately they were a skilled warrior and was able to defeat
all those ghosts. They left the arena with amazing strenth and speed, it almost felt as if they were as powerful as the gods. The rest of us tried to
take on this arena, however it would literally toss us out if more than one of us tried to enter, all of us who entered and defeated the ghosts gained the
same godlike powers. I believe you your skills and knowledge combined with those powers would make you a fitting leader for our team.
It is our last hope to stop the madness  of the gods."

"..."

"I would not be here if I felt that you were a waste of time, so you can make the selfish and useless decision to lie there till you rot. Or you can join us, reclaim your lost
pride and get back on the path you set out to be on when you decided to train to become a warrior. The decision is yours."

"How many have you gathered?"

"A few, we will look for more but we need a capable leader first."

Dejil sighed and put their hand on their forehead, "And you really beleive I'm the right choice for a leader?"

"I've already said what I have to say, so what is your answer?"

Dejil got themselves on their feet, "I'm gonna ask one more time just because I'm still suspicious that you approached a washout lying near a fruit tree in the middle of nowhere,
are you sure that you want me?"

"Maybe you should try the trial yourself and answer your own question for everyone as to whether or not you've still got it."

"Do you have a name?"

"You can call me Aakshi."

"Hmph, I'm Dejil, pleased to meet you." Dejil reaches out for a handshake, but Aakshi shakes their head side to side, "I mean no disrespect but it would be wise for you to avoid
physical contact with me. I'm under a curse that can kill any who tries to touch me."

"...Alright...I'll just follow you to those ruins then."

Dejil follows Aakshi to the ruins, they are greeted by a tall slim man, wearing a long maroon robe with gold lines running down at an even spacing from top to bottom.

"Welcome Dejil, I am Berak. I am Aakshi's assistant and I'll guide you to where the arena is."

Aakshi turns around and starts heading back out to the forest, "Good luck Dejil, I'll try to gather a few more warriors to join us. I see you again soon."

Berak guided Dejil to the arena, the arena was a large almost square room in the ruins, it's floor was simply gravel but there were four stone pillars on each corner. The north-east
most pillar had what looked like a set of claw marks, and the south-east pillar was broked a third of the way from the top, the other two pillars seemed to be in their original condition.

"Once you enter the arena, you are unable to see anything outside of it, it looks like there is simply nothingness beyond the edges of the arena." Berak warned Dejil.

"Have there been any who failed the trial?"

"Not so far, but it is by no means an easy trial, and I suspect that this place claimed many lives before we found it. Not that you need to worry, from what I've been told."

"I hope that person wasn't overestimating me, but then again I don't have much to lose anyway."
 